[clang][OpenMP] Add error for large expr in collapse clause (#138592)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed a duplicate diagnostic when performing typo correction on function template
  calls with explicit template arguments. (#GH139226)

> - An error is now emitted when OpenMP ``collapse`` and ``ordered`` clauses has expression larger than 64 bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An error is now emitted when OpenMP ``collapse`` and ``ordered`` clauses have an argument larger than what can fit within a 64-bit integer.
```
